# this is a whitelist of news feeds to scan for news
http://astronomynow.com/feed/	#Astronomy Now
http://feeds.bbci.co.uk/news/science_and_environment/rss.xml #BBC Science and Environment
http://boingboing.net/tag/science/feed	#Boing Boing Science
http://boingboing.net/tag/space/feed	#Boing Boing Space
http://rss.cnn.com/rss/edition_space.rss #CNN Science and Space
http://feeds.feedburner.com/AllDiscovermagazinecomContent	#Discover Magazine
http://feeds.feedburner.com/DiscoveryNews-Top-Stories	#Discovery News
http://www.engadget.com/rss.xml	#Engadget
http://sci.esa.int/newssyndication/rss/cosmicvisionweb.xml #ESA Cosmic Vision Blog
http://sci.esa.int/newssyndication/rss/sciweb.xml #ESA News
http://gizmodo.com/rss	#Gizmodo
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/feeds/verticals/science/index.xml #Huffington Post Science
http://feeds.gawker.com/io9/full	#io9
http://global.jaxa.jp/rss/new.rdf	#JAXA New
http://global.jaxa.jp/rss/press.rdf	#JAXA Press
http://www.jhuapl.edu/newscenter/feed/APLNews.xml	#JHUAPL News
http://www.nasa.gov/rss/dyn/breaking_news.rss	#NASA Breaking News
http://blogs.jpl.nasa.gov/?feed=rss2	#NASA JPL Blogs
http://www.jpl.nasa.gov/multimedia/rss/news.xml	#NASA JPL News
http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/feed/ #NASA Spaceflight
http://www.nasa.gov/rss/dyn/solar_system.rss	#NASA Solar System
http://phenomena.nationalgeographic.com/feed/	#National Georaphic Phenomena
http://www.nature.com/nature/newsfeeds.html #Nature News
http://nautil.us/rss/all	#Nautilus
http://feeds.nbcnews.com/feeds/science	#NBC News Science
http://feeds.newscientist.com/science-news	#New Scientist Science
http://feeds.newscientist.com/space	#New Scientist Space
http://www.nytimes.com/services/xml/rss/nyt/Science.xml	#New York Times Science
http://www.nytimes.com/services/xml/rss/nyt/Space.xml	#New York Times Space
http://phys.org/rss-feed/breaking/space-news/space-exploration/	#Phys.org Space
http://www.planetary.org/system/rss/channel.jsp?feedID=328434498	#Planetary Society
http://www.popsci.com/rss.xml	#Popular Science
http://www.sciencedaily.com/newsfeed.xml	#Science Daily
http://sen.com/newsfeed/	#Sen
http://www.skyandtelescope.com/feed/	#Sky and Telescope
http://www.slate.com/articles/health_and_science.fulltext.all.rss #Slate Health & Science
http://www.smithsonianmag.com/rss/science-nature/ #Smithsonian Science
http://www.smithsonianmag.com/rss/smartnews-science/ #Smithsonian SmartNews Science
http://www.space.com/home/feed/site.xml	#Space.com
http://spacenews.com/feed/ #SpaceNews
http://feeds.feedburner.com/Spacepolicyonline?format=xml	#Space Policy Online
http://feeds.feedburner.com/AtlanticScienceAndTechnology #The Atlantic Technology
http://www.theverge.com/science/rss/index.xml	#The Verge Science
http://www.universetoday.com/universetoday.xml	#Universe Today
http://feeds.washingtonpost.com/rss/national/health-science #Washington Post Health & Science
http://feeds.washingtonpost.com/rss/rss_speaking-of-science	#Washington Post Speaking of Science
http://feeds.wired.com/wiredscience	#Wired Science
http://news.yahoo.com/rss/science	#Yahoo Science
https://gbtimes.com/  #GBTIMES China
